docs/assemblies/openstack_ansibleee.adoc, before:

[#custom-resources]
== Custom Resources

* <<openstackansibleee,OpenStackAnsibleEE>>

[#sub-resources]
=== Sub Resources

* <<config,Config>>
* <<openstackansibleeelist,OpenStackAnsibleEEList>>
* <<openstackansibleeespec,OpenStackAnsibleEESpec>>
* <<openstackansibleeestatus,OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus>>

[#config]
==== Config

Config is a specification of where to mount a certain ConfigMap object

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| name
| Name is the name of the ConfigMap that we want to mount
| string
| true

| mountpath
| MountPoint is the directory of the container where the ConfigMap will be mounted
| string
| true
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleee]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEE

OpenStackAnsibleEE is the Schema for the openstackansibleees API

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| metadata
|
| metav1.ObjectMeta
| false

| spec
|
| <<openstackansibleeespec,OpenStackAnsibleEESpec>>
| false

| status
|
| <<openstackansibleeestatus,OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus>>
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeelist]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEEList

OpenStackAnsibleEEList contains a list of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| metadata
|
| metav1.ListMeta
| false

| items
|
| []<<openstackansibleee,OpenStackAnsibleEE>>
| true
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeespec]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEESpec

OpenStackAnsibleEESpec defines the desired state of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| play
| Play is an inline playbook contents that ansible will run on execution.
| string
| false

| playbook
| Playbook is the playbook that ansible will run on this execution, accepts path or FQN from collection
| string
| false

| image
| Image is the container image that will execute the ansible command
| string
| false

| args
| Args are the command plus the playbook executed by the image. If args is passed, Playbook is ignored.
| []string
| false

| name
| Name is the name of the internal container inside the pod
| string
| false

| envConfigMapName
| EnvConfigMapName is the name of the k8s config map that contains the ansible env variables
| string
| false

| env
| Env is a list containing the environment variables to pass to the pod
| []corev1.EnvVar
| false

| restartPolicy
| RestartPolicy is the policy applied to the Job on whether it needs to restart the Pod. It can be "OnFailure" or "Never". RestartPolicy default: Never
| string
| false

| preserveJobs
| PreserveJobs - do not delete jobs after they finished e.g. to check logs PreserveJobs default: true
| bool
| false

| uid
| UID is the userid that will be used to run the container.
| int64
| false

| inventory
| Inventory is the primary inventory that the ansible playbook will use to launch the job. Further inventories may be provided as ExtraMount in the `/runner/inventory/` path.
| string
| false

| extraMounts
| ExtraMounts containing conf files, credentials and inventories
| []storage.VolMounts
| false

| backoffLimit
| BackoffLimit allows to define the maximum number of retried executions (defaults to 6).
| *int32
| false

| networkAttachments
| NetworkAttachments is a list of NetworkAttachment resource names to expose the services to the given network
| []string
| false

| cmdLine
| CmdLine is the command line passed to ansible-runner
| string
| false

| initContainers
| InitContainers allows the passing of an array of containers that will be executed before the ansibleee execution itself
| []corev1.Container
| false

| serviceAccountName
| ServiceAccountName allows to specify what ServiceAccountName do we want the ansible execution run with. Without specifying, it will run with default serviceaccount
| string
| false

| dnsConfig
| DNSConfig allows to specify custom dnsservers and search domains
| *corev1.PodDNSConfig
| false

| extraVars
| Extra vars to be passed to ansible process during execution. This can be used to override default values in plays.
| map[string]json.RawMessage
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeestatus]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus

OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus defines the observed state of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| hash
| Map of hashes to track e.g. job status
| map[string]string
| false

| conditions
| Conditions
| condition.Conditions
| false

| networkAttachments
| NetworkAttachments status of the deployment pods
| map[string][]string
| false

| JobStatus
| JobStatus status of the executed job (Pending/Running/Succeeded/Failed)
| string
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

Commit message:

Change API to allow env from secrets
Signed-off-by: Fabricio Aguiar <fabricio.aguiar@gmail.com>

docs/assemblies/openstack_ansibleee.adoc, after:

[#custom-resources]
== Custom Resources

* <<openstackansibleee,OpenStackAnsibleEE>>

[#sub-resources]
=== Sub Resources

* <<config,Config>>
* <<openstackansibleeelist,OpenStackAnsibleEEList>>
* <<openstackansibleeespec,OpenStackAnsibleEESpec>>
* <<openstackansibleeestatus,OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus>>

[#config]
==== Config

Config is a specification of where to mount a certain ConfigMap object

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| name
| Name is the name of the ConfigMap that we want to mount
| string
| true

| mountpath
| MountPoint is the directory of the container where the ConfigMap will be mounted
| string
| true
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleee]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEE

OpenStackAnsibleEE is the Schema for the openstackansibleees API

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| metadata
|
| metav1.ObjectMeta
| false

| spec
|
| <<openstackansibleeespec,OpenStackAnsibleEESpec>>
| false

| status
|
| <<openstackansibleeestatus,OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus>>
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeelist]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEEList

OpenStackAnsibleEEList contains a list of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| metadata
|
| metav1.ListMeta
| false

| items
|
| []<<openstackansibleee,OpenStackAnsibleEE>>
| true
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeespec]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEESpec

OpenStackAnsibleEESpec defines the desired state of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| play
| Play is an inline playbook contents that ansible will run on execution.
| string
| false

| playbook
| Playbook is the playbook that ansible will run on this execution, accepts path or FQN from collection
| string
| false

| image
| Image is the container image that will execute the ansible command
| string
| false

| args
| Args are the command plus the playbook executed by the image. If args is passed, Playbook is ignored.
| []string
| false

| name
| Name is the name of the internal container inside the pod
| string
| false

| envFrom
| List of sources to populate environment variables in the container. The keys defined within a source must be a C_IDENTIFIER. All invalid keys will be reported as an event when the container is starting. When a key exists in multiple sources, the value associated with the last source will take precedence. Values defined by an Env with a duplicate key will take precedence.
| []corev1.EnvFromSource
| false

| env
| Env is a list containing the environment variables to pass to the pod
| []corev1.EnvVar
| false

| restartPolicy
| RestartPolicy is the policy applied to the Job on whether it needs to restart the Pod. It can be "OnFailure" or "Never". RestartPolicy default: Never
| string
| false

| preserveJobs
| PreserveJobs - do not delete jobs after they finished e.g. to check logs PreserveJobs default: true
| bool
| false

| uid
| UID is the userid that will be used to run the container.
| int64
| false

| inventory
| Inventory is the primary inventory that the ansible playbook will use to launch the job. Further inventories may be provided as ExtraMount in the `/runner/inventory/` path.
| string
| false

| extraMounts
| ExtraMounts containing conf files, credentials and inventories
| []storage.VolMounts
| false

| backoffLimit
| BackoffLimit allows to define the maximum number of retried executions (defaults to 6).
| *int32
| false

| networkAttachments
| NetworkAttachments is a list of NetworkAttachment resource names to expose the services to the given network
| []string
| false

| cmdLine
| CmdLine is the command line passed to ansible-runner
| string
| false

| initContainers
| InitContainers allows the passing of an array of containers that will be executed before the ansibleee execution itself
| []corev1.Container
| false

| serviceAccountName
| ServiceAccountName allows to specify what ServiceAccountName do we want the ansible execution run with. Without specifying, it will run with default serviceaccount
| string
| false

| dnsConfig
| DNSConfig allows to specify custom dnsservers and search domains
| *corev1.PodDNSConfig
| false

| extraVars
| Extra vars to be passed to ansible process during execution. This can be used to override default values in plays.
| map[string]json.RawMessage
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>

[#openstackansibleeestatus]
==== OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus

OpenStackAnsibleEEStatus defines the observed state of OpenStackAnsibleEE

|===
| Field | Description | Scheme | Required

| hash
| Map of hashes to track e.g. job status
| map[string]string
| false

| conditions
| Conditions
| condition.Conditions
| false

| networkAttachments
| NetworkAttachments status of the deployment pods
| map[string][]string
| false

| JobStatus
| JobStatus status of the executed job (Pending/Running/Succeeded/Failed)
| string
| false
|===

<<custom-resources,Back to Custom Resources>>
